updating volume limit for APM second primary tags (#16621)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/setting_primary_tags_to_scope.md

## Add a second primary tag in Datadog

> If you need to aggregate your trace metrics by additional dimensions, we recommend setting up a second primary tag in addition to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to aggregate your trace metrics across additional dimensions, we recommend setting up a second primary tag in addition to the
```

> default and mandatory primary tag `env:<ENVIRONMENT>`. Once configured, you will see a second dropdown in Service Catalog Performance tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default and mandatory primary tag `env:<ENVIRONMENT>`. Once configured, a second dropdown is available in the **Service Catalog Performance** tab. 
```

Go to the [APM Settings][6] page to define, change, or remove your primary tags.

**Note**:

* Only organization administrators have access to this page.
* Changes may take up to two hours to be reflected in the UI.
* The tracer always adds `resource`, `name`, and `service` tags to spans. Datadog recommends never adding these as host level tags to avoid confusion.

> * The second primary tag support up to 30 unique values. See [APM Data Volume Guidelines][9] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The second primary tag supports up to 30 unique values. See [APM Data Volume Guidelines][9] for details.
```
